\section{Results}\label{sect:results}

Figure~\ref{fig:mr_anatomy} shows the anatomic zones and some anatomic
orientation labels in the prostate of a representative study subject.  The
zonal anatomy of the prostate was manually segmented
(Figure~\ref{fig:mr_segs_vol}, bottom left) across the image stack, and 3D
models of the zonal anatomy volumes were rendered
(Figure~\ref{fig:mr_segs_vol}, top).

\input{fig_mr_anatomy}

\input{fig_mr_segs_vol}

The subvolumes associated with the zonal anatomy in each imaging modality were
measured (Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_volumes}(a)), with moderate correlation
between the ARFI and MR total prostate gland volumes (R$^2$ = 0.68), with a
mean overestimation of of 36.7 $\pm$ 27.9\% by ARFI imaging compared to MR
volumes (Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_volumes}(b)).  Central gland volumes were
slightly less correlated between ARFI and MR images (R$^2$ = 0.41) with no
significant mean over/under-estimation (2.1 $\pm$ 39.1\%), but significant
variability between the cases (Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_volumes}(c)).
Table~\ref{tab:mr_arfi_volumes} has the individually-measured volumes for MR
and ARFI imaging for each study subject.

\input{fig_mr_arfi_volumes}

Weights and axis measurements from the gross pathology processing of the
excised prostates were collected (Table~\ref{tab:path_data}), and using the
axis measurements (lateral-to-lateral, anterior-to-posterior, and
apex-to-base), the prostate volume was approximated as a tri-axial ellipsoid,
and its volume was estimated (\ref{eqn:ellipsoid_volume}).  Prostate weights
were moderately correlated with estimated pathology ellipsoidal prostate
volumes (Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_weight}(a), R$^2$ = 0.68).  There was moderate
correlation between the prostate weight and the image-reconstructed prostate
volumes (Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_weight}(b), R$^2$ = 0.44 (MR) and 0.21
(ARFI)), though there was weaker correlation with the ellipsoidal approximation
of the measurement prostate volume and the image-reconstructed volumes
(Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_weight}(c), R$^2$ = 0.08 (MR) and 0.01 (ARFI)).  Study
subject \#4 had a very large prostate, which could not be completely captured
in MR or ARFI imaging in the anterior region, so the same analyses were
performed with that study subject excluded
(Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_weight}(d-e)), improving correlations for MR and ARFI
to the prostate weights (R$^2$ = 0.74 and 0.60, respectively), and prostate
volumes (R$^2$ = 0.39 for both imaging modalities).

\input{fig_mr_arfi_weight}

Measurements of the prostate total and central gland dimensions along the three
standard anatomic axes (apex-to-base, lateral-to-lateral, and
anterior-to-posterior) were made (Table~\ref{tab:mr_arfi_axes}), and the
correlation between the imaging axis measurements was analyzed
(Figure~\ref{fig:mr_arfi_path_axes}).  ARFI was most correlated to MR in the
lateral-to-lateral axis in both the total and central glands (R$^2$ = 0.47 and
0.44, respectively), with mean overestimates of 8.1 $\pm$ 18.4\% and 0.06 $\pm$
17.2\%, respectively (Table~\ref{tab:mr_arfi_axes_error}).  ARFI had very good
correlation with the total prostate gland axis in the anterior-to-posterior
dimension (R$^2$ = 0.58), but poor correlation in the central gland (R$^2$ =
0.00), with overestimates of 17.0 $\pm$ 12.1 and 14.8 $\pm$ 23.1\%.  ARFI
imaging had weak correlation with MR images in the apex-to-base dimension
(R$^2$ = 0.15, total gland and R$^2$ = 0.20, central gland), with differences
of 0.58 $\pm$ 12.9 and -10.8 $\pm$ 22.3\%, respectively.

\input{fig_mr_arfi_path_axes}

\input{tab_mr_arfi_axes_error}

%\input{fig_mr_arfi_total_axes}

%\input{fig_mr_arfi_central_axes}

%\input{tab_axis_ratio_over_under}
